Neal Sáles-Griffin: So send canva, send other invites any other steps. or is it onboarding really inviting them to all these systems?
Valeria Brenner: The onboarding is inviting them to all these system systems and then walking them through the to do list I have for them. And yeah.
Valeria Brenner: okay, so it's like.
Valeria Brenner: by the way, I do typically with my answer in terms, it's asynchronous where, like they have their to do list. And they come to me for questions.
Valeria Brenner: And then, like we have like a standup weekly meeting where I kind of check in, give them progress like. And I give them feedback and like move
Valeria Brenner: the internship in the. So I'm gonna stop here. I think you see where this is going. But I want to go to another to do on your list. But before that. Just so, you know right here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what I would do if I were you is I would write this out in excruciating detail. and the reason being is that the test for you needs to be?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If someone else had to step in on my behalf to do this because something comes up in my life that's important to deal with, either for my business or for myself personally.
Valeria Brenner: would I be preparing someone else to do this effectively?
Valeria Brenner: Right? So the more you do that level of documentation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as you start to scope out your work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the more you develop the breadcrumbs and the framework for a stronger overall organizational system for documenting you. All's responsibilities and steps. And the more you realize as CEO,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how little of this you need to be doing as you start to grow in scale.
Valeria Brenner: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so it becomes a game of how can I do start doing less? I can free myself up more to do some of the important strategic work. I need to be doing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Bob.
Bob Van Dell: Thanks, man.
Bob Van Dell: I wanna play a little bit of a contrarian or devil's advocate.
Bob Van Dell: Yeah.
Bob Van Dell: the one of the things I've read and kind of internalize over.
Bob Van Dell: I don't remember where it was exactly was the idea of using things like user stories. If folks are familiar with what a user story is as a evocative document.
Bob Van Dell: as opposed to getting really detailed and
Bob Van Dell: robust, and and flushing out things as if you know, somebody who wasn't there could pick it up. But it would depend on folks having been part of a conversation, and then, whatever you put it into whether it's base camp or J, or whatever this evocative documents purposes to evoke memories of what had happened in the conversation. Those additional details. But.
Bob Van Dell: It
Neal Sáles-Griffin: depends on specific environments for that to be a value. Add keystrokes, maybe. But just a potential alternative. But you do have to have a lot of things set up to make it work. But I've seen it work pretty well. I have to. Yeah, I agree with you. So I don't know if that's contrarian, I think that's additive. Right? So this isn't what I'm demonstrating. Here is one way to think about it, not the only way. Right? So I'm with you on that, David.
David Akinyemi (he/him): Yeah, II guess. Question around, how do you see the overall to do list? Changing as she goes into this detail?
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  David, let me show you at the end of this one with this example for thrift ship, because I will hold me to it. If I forget. Please remind me, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share my screen at the end of hilarious demo here, and I'll show you what I would do next
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with this to-do list.
David Akinyemi (he/him): Thanks.
Valeria Brenner: Cool. Part of
Pardo Walter: yeah. I just wanted to add, I love that the origin of a lot of your feedback and like structuring originates from like a computer science engineering background, because it deeply resonates with me. And it just makes me digest all of the instructions and the information so much more quickly.
Pardo Walter: Pardo, have you heard of the peanut butter and jelly exercise? I have not
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay. Got it real quick. So this is where it came from now. Just so, you know. So one, Jason 3 taught me this technique a long time ago, because this is how he thinks and makes us to do using his own company base camp. But also
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I taught programming for years. And one of the things that I taught the kids
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you know what I'm talking about now, so if you have anybody do this, so any of you all, if you think like, right now in your head, think in your head. How do you make a peanut butter and jelly
Pardo Walter: right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, if I have. If I gave you a piece of paper and a pen, and I had you write down the steps to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, you'd probably say, like, you need to get some bread. You need to get some peanut butter. You need to get some jelly, and then you need to put it all on a sandwich and eat it right or have it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But there's so many other steps that go into it. If you're teaching, let's say a computer
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or a robot how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Pardo Walter: They need to understand the construct of a knife.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They need to understand where the refrigerator is if the jelly's in there, if it's somewhere else, if the peanut button. So the implications and the detail around how to make the sandwich color the context.
Pardo Walter: Absolutely. That's kind of where I got it from. Yeah, very much appreciated. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Man, no problem. Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we have 2 questions. The first one. So this is doing much greater level detail details that what I did and I and I like it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: II was wondering, as we go through these level of details I would like to replicate the same thing for my team, right? So I would like to assign team members to each of these tasks, so should can I. Can I reconcile the 2 list in one list instead of having the CEO list? And then the team list, my friend, we have only just begun. That is the whole point of this. We're starting with you all the Ceos, because you all are at the top
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of the chain right now, when it comes to what work needs to be done. But I'm going to show you what it looks like to disseminate it to the rest of your team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because now that Valeria has all these granular to do hopefully across all the ones that we're looking at. But we just did one example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What she will be able to do is instead of she goes. Oh, well, actually, maybe I don't need to do this. Maybe there's an intern already amongst the ones that I'm bringing on that has already demonstrated a high level of potential and capacity, and maybe I can have a quick chat with them, send them these tasks and say, Hey, I sent you some to dos.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I put in a lot of really detailed instructions on what to do. I could really use your help because I have another really important thing to take care of today. Any chance you could knock this out. Let me know if you have any clarifying questions. and then she could have one of her interns on board the rest of her interns
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and save yourself a half a day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the kind of thinking I'm trying to get everyone into the spirit of, because you can do more with less if you take the time to break things down
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that other people can share the load with you.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. And the second question I had thank you for that to clarify is. And the second question, just for my mental organization, I like to have different projects going on within the company like software development, hardware development. And then within each of them be very specific. So is it okay to name the group like very short, as projects are going on within the company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and that instead of doing like a long description of the group, whereas the more details in the individual tasks within the group. Oh, my friend, yes, yes, of course it is so. The notion here really is that every to do list that I make just so, you know, like no, I would never name a to do list the name of my company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm doing this for the sake of everyone, seeing all of this work in the same place right now, for the sake of this exercise. But what I want you to literally understand is that the name of any to do list should be based on a desired outcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the reason you do that is that once you complete the steps on that to do list, you should be able to get rid of the list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The most dangerous thing that people have are infinite to-do lists, like big boxes of categories of stuff that you just keep throwing stuff into. But it just stays there forever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's no bueno. So what I strongly prefer is to always have a to do list that I create, that I can complete mark done and start anew with a new project or new thing to get done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is why, in base camp the hill charges design so that every to do list you make becomes a dot that you move over the hill.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because once you're at the end you get rid of it, and you add a new.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'll show you kind of what that looks like in a second, Christy.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I'm just so. This is
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: really takes us to the next level, because II feel like we had a to do list we break. I break it down among the team members. But now I'm able to specify.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: like in like deeper details on what gets done, so that it's easier to delegate. So
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I have a scenario like we. We just sign a new customer.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Do I mean the the but to do group
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: the customer, and then all the different tasks, because it's like invoicing onboarding. All these different things could be a sub task. And so the way the group works can you do sub groups? Or are they just sub to do lists?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will make sure that that point is made clear before I send you on the breakout groups, because you're all gonna take a Rev. At this, after I do a few more examples. I got you all right, Valeria. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you said that if there was one thing that you got done as thrifship as a company the next week. It's onboarding your interns. Help me understand why, that's the most important thing for your business is success.
Valeria Brenner: I guess it's
Valeria Brenner: hmm good question, I guess. Suppose, like the Jbt. Interviews are up there as well. But like the thing that I'm like most looking forward to is having that additional help with marketing and stuff. And so maybe it's not the most important, but it's the one that I'm most excited for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, it was a trick prompt for me just to be clear, because I would argue that you are directionally correct, if not, spot on with your instincts and what you're looking forward to the most, because. having a solid team to work with makes all the difference in the world for so many things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's gonna affect a lot of aspects of your business, especially if you make great choices who you want to work with. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you know, there was a time where you could consider someone like a like. We call them associates. But you know, a lot of people would say that Sophie and Liliana, 4 and a half years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or 4 years ago, when we started our first class together for Techstar, Chicago, you could consider them interns. They were in college right? So like in a way, they were interns, but they ended up being some of the most important people that I ended up working with, who are, who felt me do so many great things. There were so many years for so many founders.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So these people could be that for you and for thriftship right now. So team team team is what it's all about. So I would make a case that that is the most important in some respect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So not to give you a hard time. But I just thought I'd offer up that that balance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it's curious to hear you say that Jtb. Is important, but if you don't get Jtb. Done like done next week. If you make no progress on it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's not the end of the world. It's not ideal cause. You can get a lot of support from us in the next week, especially in person with the founders, but I would say that from a triage standpoint you might have the right instincts on what to prioritize.
Good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So give me the second most important task, is it J, Dbd, or something else?
Valeria Brenner: Yeah, the Jptd, but also it's important for them also something that I look forward to like. I had my first one today, and I like was on the call with with Kate afterwards, and I was like smiling from ear to ear because I was like, Oh, like shit. I did like I did fine. But afterwards everything in me was like, I wanna go back in like I wanna message them like to ask more questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Jtb, Dd. Interviews. It's like your job beat you done.
Valeria Brenner: It's all good. It happens all the time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Make sure to create force diagrams in. J, Btd, yeah, job speed is done. That's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you see where where I'm going with this, though. So I want to see you scope out one more and maybe maybe we can have the room help.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if it's not complete, 6 Jtvd. Interviews. What is it? Y'all?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What are the steps underneath completing that? You all know this because you're all doing it together?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any takers? Are we doing it in the chat. Let me check the chat statement, the timeline and the forces. Right?
Nelson Mitchell: I think that was the 3.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, it's 6 Jtvd. Interviews so like there's a lot to think about.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Well, find, find find the people to interview, I guess, and contact them, schedule it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: coordinate with your co-founder to do the interview
Valeria Brenner: and with the text, nurse team.
Valeria Brenner: would that be? Yeah. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so we're starting with the desired outcome
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right now, what you're saying is the label right? 6 Ktbd interviews. How do we know it's done?
Valeria Brenner: So I should have like 10 total. Oh, okay, then that'd be the to do is underneath it. So
Valeria Brenner: of 6
Valeria Brenner: scheduled interviews.
Valeria Brenner: Oh, yeah, it's good.
Valeria Brenner: I guess. 6 completed
Valeria Brenner: course. Diagrams
Valeria Brenner: X.
Valeria Brenner: They like.
Valeria Brenner: Send calendar invites for the meetings.
Valeria Brenner: Max.
Valeria Brenner: Okay, Sophie.
Valeria Brenner: right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Umhm.
Valeria Brenner: those
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. But when you wrote. So let's start with the first one here. So you all see what's happening.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So have 6 scheduled interviews. Tell me more about what we're gonna do there. I'm gonna reach out to 10 people and try to get 10 interviews for that.
Valeria Brenner: So like
Valeria Brenner: have 6. So click the well, click, click. Have 6 scheduled interviews.
Valeria Brenner: maybe. Instead.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, what do you want to call that
Valeria Brenner: 10 customers? And the way I do this on notes is, go on strike
Valeria Brenner: and look at the most recent
Valeria Brenner: payments
Valeria Brenner: that week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So so let me let me let me slow us down for a second here, so reach out to 10 customers what you relabeled this as but what I'm hearing you say is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you need to like you? Do you have 10 customers, or how many customers do you have that? You're gonna message to get these interviews from?
Valeria Brenner: I would choose 10 customers from this list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So okay, so choose 10 customers from your, from what list?
Valeria Brenner: From just like, choose 10 customers from recent strike transactions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, there we go. Now Jason comes from a recent trip transactions. And then in the in the sub group, we're saying, How do I do that? How do I
Valeria Brenner: go to bed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:
Valeria Brenner: It's almost like we're creating chat. Gp prompts
Valeria Brenner: and pull the customer
Valeria Brenner: ids.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here we go. And then what do you do?
Valeria Brenner: I would go to like my admin portal.
Valeria Brenner: go to Admin Portal.
Valeria Brenner: see what the customer Id
Valeria Brenner: corresponding
Valeria Brenner: Instagram handle it.
Valeria Brenner: and then I reach out to those people.
Valeria Brenner: got it reach out to them. Yeah, Instagram, using the following prompts.
Valeria Brenner: which I actually have on a different notes. App. Because I am not very disorganized. I'm very disorganized.
Valeria Brenner: Where is it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're not judging
Valeria Brenner: he
Valeria Brenner: big hi name
Valeria Brenner:  all this context is making me so happy
Valeria Brenner: and then
Eek.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love this copy. You wrote to introduce yourself to ask the customer to talk to you. This is really good. It's very warm.
Valeria Brenner: that is, that's the that's the vibe that the company tries to get bubbly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. this is great. So go ahead and click, save
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I won't belabor the point. But like click on one layer up like, click the 6 Jtvd interviews, or, you know whatever? Yeah, that. So now we have this list. 6 Ktbd interviews
Neal Sáles-Griffin: have 6 completed fourth diagrams, 6 Jtb, statements. I think there's a lot of cleaning up to do in this list to make it like properly reflect all the steps in a very like clear and concise way. But do you understand what direction we're headed when it comes to the level of specificity and granularity? Excellent.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So thank you for hearing me appreciate you, Hilaria, for being our our volunteer distributor. Yes, no worries. So we'll do one more example, and then we'll do breakouts real quick, and then, and and make this real for everybody. So who wants to be the final
Valeria Brenner: test subject? Well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maybe a different flavor of tasks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no way. Oh, oh, Antonio, let's go alright. Let's get it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll do one tap. We'll do one tap. We'll make it quick.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think you're muted
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: alright. Let me share it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med:  all right? You guys see this?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: secure funding. I need to buy some equipment since.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and yeah, wait. What does that mean?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: What funding you securing? What funding are you securing by March fifteenth the the 20 K.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, you don't have our money yet. What's happening?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Well, we got a a bit delay delay because of of the we had to convert into an ink from Llc. Yes, yes, that happens. Is that the most important thing to get done in the next week, or there's something else.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I think the most important is the Jtvd. Interviews.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So if you don't get 20 K. In the next week. You're fine. Is that what? I'm here?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I'm fine. Yes, okay, that's good. I mean, we can delay
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: definitely. I want to get. We want to get a Gtpd interview alright, since everyone can relate to these steps. I want to see how you think about it. So click complete. Jtb interviews
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and show us what steps do you have in mind?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay? So under notes. Click. Nope. okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah. You see where it says, No, right there. Yup.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, like you can do numbered or bullet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we'll click on the boot the number thing or the bullet thing on the there you go. Click one of those. Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I'll to. I would say 5 more
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: neurofeedback therapies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do you find them, though?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med:  so contact them contact through websites through their websites through their portals. Wait. So you just have a list of them somewhere.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: We do have a list. We haven't contact all of them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, got it. So there's so basically in brackets, I would put link to list
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of Nfb therapists like, Go here, go through the list, choose the one like. How do you tell someone to choose which ones from the list?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So you have to almost open that up further
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to make it. Can I link this to my Google drive. It's on a Google drive, just anything. Yeah, yeah. You don't have to do right now. All I'm saying is, put a place forward.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I put a bracket into a link to you know lists of Nfb therapies.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: It is possible to to link my my own personal Google drive correct, I mean, so you can link anything in here for everybody to know if you highlight something. And do I think this works? Can you highlight it and do command K,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it should be the the link to function. But if you click the link
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: icon as well, it should work.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay. So then, what's next? So you have the list? Right? You're looking at it. I select, select, select, and call
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: 5 neural feedback
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and a pist.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do I know which ones to pick.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: How do I know? What?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do I know which of the 5 to pick from the list
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I would suggest the first 5?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Why?
Hmm!
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med:  What do you mean? Why is there an order, or is it just like you can just pick the first 5 and then make the next 5, and if I pick 5, how do I show you that they're the ones that I'm talking to versus the other 10, I see.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: well.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we have a list, and we don't know. I mean, we really need to contact all, all of them, because we don't know which one are doing remote neurofiba therapy and which one they're not. So
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: so there's some. There's some data refinement with the information you have about them that you need to update. Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: remote therapy.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med:  because that's the target we're looking for.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And then schedule. Ask? I mean, ask.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: ask them if they are willing
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: willing to interview. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay, this is a great start. Now, this list is gonna get longer, and there's gonna be more going on. But what I wanna stop and just stay here as we go, is the reason like, if, because it feels almost unnecessary at the stage to be the specific, especially writing it out when you, as the human behind the scenes, trying to execute a startup with so many things going on, could just get this done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll complete 5 Gc. Interviews. I know the steps to take like I can figure this out. I can use my brain and just get it all done, and I'll mark this off. I don't need to like. Lay out all this stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But what this is affording you is a peace of mind about not having to think anymore about all those things that you eventually need to do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And again, like I said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: things come up all the time for y'all that you don't anticipate, and then important priorities end up falling by the waist high.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's one of the best things in the world to have a team you trust.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and if you have other people you get to work with. What's cool is that when I have too much going on and I'm trying to get something done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll reach out to a team member or to the group and say, Hey, is anyone available for a few hours? Did they actually need some help with something? Someone raises their hand and I go. Hey, here's it to do. I intended to get done, but this came up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can you do this for me
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so someone could set you up for success to get these jobs to be done. Interviews done on your team. Antonio should neat if it comes to it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let me do one last thing. So thank you for for demonstrating that one more time. So you're seeing where I'm going with this. There's a lot more to to be done there. But I'm going to go ahead and show you all one last step before we break off into groups to to do this for everybody
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. So let me go back and share where we're at with the CEO base camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's use their ship. Were you at their ship?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we are okay, we're here. So normally, what I would do is the to do itself. I'm gonna just copy this because I'm gonna butcher it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's put it in the same place. Ceos, right here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: gives me 2 to do list of the same name.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So this is, I think, a new one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what I would say is malaria.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and CEO feels is fully on top of her goals.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  week one of tech stars. you know something like that. And then what I would say here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, I would end up creating a few other things. So I would make all of these to do that you have with headliners the actual to-dos. And I wouldn't use groups at all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So complete. Website. Edit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What are the technical goals paths that you need to get done by the end of the week bill area.
Valeria Brenner: So wait. Wait. Say that again. Technical cool. So I'm gonna get rid of all this.
Valeria Brenner: Okay? Good. Yeah. I. So
Valeria Brenner: with completing the website edits, I started putting it in like, I made it its own group. And then I like started adding, like what to do within that. And so if you go on like the QA. Page like I've already started kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what is success with all things tech by the end of next week at the highest level, is the marketing page.
Valeria Brenner: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Marking pages shipped
Valeria Brenner: is not shipped. Just that Redone refined. I guess it'd be better. Yeah, yeah.
Valeria Brenner: it's related to it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So complete website edits is is what we want to say there, okay, what else?
Valeria Brenner:  have the test environment for the app, be ready and so start playing with it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what else?
Valeria Brenner: Just on a technical level?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, I just wanna know, like, like at the highest level possible.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What you want to have done, cause I'm about to show you all one other technique for how I organize to do the base camp that I think you'll enjoy for the use base camp or not.
Valeria Brenner: So then I wanna have 10 total jobs to be done. Interviews. Then
Valeria Brenner: 10 Jtb. Is done by end of next week. Yeah, jbt's actually.
Valeria Brenner: And
Valeria Brenner: that
Valeria Brenner: I guess
Valeria Brenner: I wanna be in the beginnings process of like a uiux redesign.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What does that mean? How do we know it's done?
Valeria Brenner: I wanna know, like, how we know it's done. So like complete website edits is a bad name.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What? How do we know the website is for complete?
Valeria Brenner:  all the stuff in the to do list for website edits is done, which means, and then what happens? So all the stuff is done. And then what's the result?
Valeria Brenner: Result is a. but
Valeria Brenner: the website looks different. And so do you when your website is done? Do you ask anyone for feedback wants to chip?
Valeria Brenner: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who
Valeria Brenner: my customers?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, you want them to give you feedback on your website when you've shipped it? Or is there a middle step? There?
Valeria Brenner: There's a middle step. Oh, yeah, the middle step is like talking with my tech co-founder. And then I do
Valeria Brenner: one customer who's like, I've developed like a professional friendship with her. And so like, I could send it by her before you go live. Yeah, cause she uses it the website regularly, and she's a customer. And she's a friend.
Valeria Brenner: Emily.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: ship website, edit ship
Neal Sáles-Griffin: completed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: website edits to Emily for feedback.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's I would say something like that, because now I know, have I done that or not? Because if I haven't done that, I know the website is aren't done. But it's a step past it that guarantees that I've actually completed stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So test environment for app is ready. How do we know that one's done
Valeria Brenner: a if I'm like actually
Valeria Brenner: being able to like test the environment. So that means that Max has, like, completed all of the things on his to do list for the last like week. So what step do you take when it's actually done? What do you do in the test environment to test that work. QA. So I guess the end goal of that would be then to have a list of things to give Max feedback on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so send Max list of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: edit
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or feed, or was it feedback? You said, or, yeah, feedback
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the Max list of feedback on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: test environment? Yeah, there we go. Now, it's ironclad, right cause that implies that the test environment is up because you've already come up with the feedback based on being in it, that you need to send to Matt.
Valeria Brenner: That's how you think about a top level outcome as a CEO when you're scoping out your work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right, let's do the last one, and Jtvd interviews.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do we refine this one?
Valeria Brenner: So I feel like at the point. I should have some. I should do the was it called like
Valeria Brenner: conglomerate, the clustered yes, and have my clusters kind of defined. I should kind of get a feel half clusters defined, and then make a an agglomerated, or there was like a word for it, timeline. And what do you do with that information? Once you have those clusters, send it to you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So SIM
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Jtvd clustered from 10 interviews to text our team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hello. those are th. Those are the types of top level tasks that I like to work with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  Alright. So here's what I would do on top of this, though, because I believe we have a thrift ship project that I'm a part of right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: can I? Can I go here? Is that okay?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, what did I do? And I'm gonna go here. I'm gonna go to thrift ship
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the project. Yeah, I'm gonna go here and you have to do is in here right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is interesting. So watch this, everybody. You got to pay careful attention. The thrush has its own project. We're in CEO, CEO of the top level. Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We have these 3 to dos.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here's what I would do with with these 3 to do. So I'm gonna take this one right here. Ship completed website edit to Emily for feedback.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm going to go to thrift ship.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I'm gonna make a new list. And I'm gonna call that list
Neal Sáles-Griffin: ship complete a website edit samily for feedback.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here we are. So and I'm going to copy this location. And I'm going to go back to that original list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And right here in the note. I'm gonna paste the link to that list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because here I am, a CEO. I can't do everything all the time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'm managing the top level tasks at my company
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? This is for me to make sure it gets done. However, maybe I have interns or other people on my team help me with the rest. So in this project. Actually, let me do one more thing. I'm going to copy this location.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm gonna go down there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And for this overall list I can also have a description.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So edit details.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm gonna put a link to my CEO project right here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So now I can jump back and forth between this major to do as a CEO, and then the subgroup lists of all the tech steps that need to get taken. But let's give me a couple steps for this. The first 2 steps you need to take.
Valeria Brenner: I categorize and break down the QA. Section
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Q&A section categorize and breakdown. Q&A section. How like would it tell me more?
Valeria Brenner: So? We have like a page for QA.
Valeria Brenner: Marketing website, and so down and make it easier to find things. And I'll just always have to search or scroll. So it'd be like categories would be questions on billing questions on printing labels.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that that what you're starting to say goes into the notes. But what you started to say there in the beginning, I wrote down is a little bit more detail for that stuff, right? And then you have like another step, too. So all I'm saying is that you're gonna lay out all these steps.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're gonna add more details to these to dos. And then you have this list for someone to do, whether it's you or someone else. And as a CEO, you're monitoring at the top level all of the things that need to get done. And it's linked
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to a separate place where that work is actually going to live and get done. But at the top level you can manage it from here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's how I'm able to jump to a different project with a different set of to-do's that are far more granular than at the top level to to do something track up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, for example, here with the Ceos, if you wanted to have a lot of fun. If you guys wanted to go crazy. you could track and set up the hill chart across all the companies at once. so you can choose to do list the track. We didn't done anyone but thrift ship.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  we also. I guess. Yeah, we could have done another one. But the thrift ship is now on the hill chart. and let's just say that, like you're making progress because we just laid out here to do so scoped
Neal Sáles-Griffin: initial set of goals and to do for week one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I could notify all y'all, but I won't, because that would be rude.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but that's the progress that we're making right now for one of the companies when it comes to getting over the hill with scoping out your goals, and to do for tech stars in Base camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But that's where it creates this like kind of cascading system.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Where, actually, that's that's your other 2. This I'm trying to find my old one at the top. There it is hilarious. Ceos, fully on top of her goals. Are we going to tech stars? Boom! Boom! Boom! Here they are.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's how I would think about it. It's rough and tumble here, but hopefully, I've given you all enough context
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to know how to go do this yourselves for like 1520 min between, you know, we're gonna pair up the companies or create some breakout rooms. But I want you all to all. Give this to go
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in some way, shape or form, where you're breaking down your steps that you wrote in the Space Camp List right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then. What we'll do at the end is we'll go back. We'll scan through it. We'll see if a few people had some breakthrough moments, or some people already felt what they had effectively scoped it out.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll have a few people volunteer and share, and then we'll we'll wrap up for the day. But any questions before we break into that
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: quick question, Neil.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: What's the difference of the way you lay this out versus just duplicating a to-do list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the to do list that I showed you at the top level is in a different project.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then where thrift ship, you know, a subcast would be with the rest of the team. But think of Valeria, and like, let's just say, like a Co. Founder.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or someone else that she's working with, where she's trying to scope things out at the highest level. This is what Liliana and I do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We have a project where she and I are only in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we're kind of coordinating all of the major goals and outcomes that we have for our team to get done. So we lay it out there at the top level. And then we create sub lists in each of the respective projects that our team members are in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to make sure that they're actually getting the specific granular steps done
Valeria Brenner: so one of like my big CEO tasks is like, Get my interns on boarded. And then in the base camp project I have with my interns. I have like, and it's linked to that for me to reference. But then all of those like
Valeria Brenner: things are in there. Okay, exactly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mark.
Mark Kirzhner: And what can I do if a my CEO is not in the meeting right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if your CEO is what
Mark Kirzhner: not in the meeting.
Mark Kirzhner: so what I can do is I can. Is is the list in here or no?
Mark Kirzhner: II have a screenshot of the list. Yeah, the list is, is there. Yeah, definitely. So what I can do is I can copy the list into your project. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. So just have me do that when we start and create the breakouts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's the what's the name of the project
Mark Kirzhner: for you? Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay, let me spell it. Oh, I found it. I found it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm going to copy this into the Cicada project.
Mark Kirzhner: Amazing. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Done. It's in there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All good. Okay? Any other questions.
Andy - Lexir: Sorry, Neil, of the same issue.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andy. Yeah, I'll see you on the jump.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Happy to do it. Happy to do it. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. Sophie, are you here?
Sophie Davis: Yes, I am. Are we ready for breakouts?
Sophie Davis: Yes, we are. So we're gonna have any questions about the oh, go ahead. Sorry
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're good.
Sophie Davis: Yeah. We have some questions.
Sophie Davis: Yeah, same thing here. It wasn't in the list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, you're not on the list.
Pardo Walter: Why not
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let me see here
Sophie Davis: while Neil is doing that? Who else has a question.
Marcel, go ahead.
Marisel Polanco: Can you? I didn't. I need the same thing. Is that okay? Yeah. Sorry. I think he's here, but he's under the weather. So I'm gonna like
Marisel Polanco: they charge.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, Carl, you're not in the CEO group.
Pardo Walter: Pulling it up right now, let's see 20 tech stars. Oakland. Part. By Jpm, CEO's
Pardo Walter: actually, I am sorry about that. I was looking somewhere else. Yeah, no worries, no worries. You just need to make the list there. Yeah. Got it? Okay? Who was the other one that I needed? All done here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Marcel? Marcel got it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. Do we have a gift? Gram list.
Marisel Polanco: Oh, yeah, we do. We do. Okay? So I'll send this over. Yup. I got you. Thank you.
Sophie Davis: Okay. I think we're ready
breakout rooms now. Each person. There's gonna be 3 people in breakout rooms. Each person has about 10 min to speak.
Sophie Davis: Please keep your own time. We'll probably come up short on time, or excuse me. Well, make it make it make it. I would say we we should cut the time down so like make it, I would say, like 5 each
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. That would be 5 min 5 min per. And then what you also do is each person takes 5 min. You're sharing your screen. You're trying to scope out the task.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The other 2 folks are helping you along the way they're asking you questions. They're challenging you, and then you rotate
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but the notion is that we're all trying to build the muscle and get into the exercise of being more specific and granular with what we think are working.
Sophie Davis: You one thing to notice, that you may be in a room full of with some bots or AI, not takers, so I'll be reviewing those and removing them from your breakout rooms. Should you want that anyway, I'm creating them now, so you should see a pop up to join breakout rooms.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Nelson, you should go first. I'm sure you have a lot to add and share
Nelson Mitchell: alright. That's good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Teach the young folks something.
Nelson Mitchell: Oh, no.
if you
Sophie Davis: do, you all see the pop ups so you can. If you don't, you can click the there's but on the bottom. Right? There's 3 horizontal dots, I believe when you click that you see breakout rooms.
Hmm, yeah.
Sophie Davis: Some people see some people don't.
Great.
Okay, give me 1 s guys, I'm just gonna be
Sophie Davis: removing the box
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I removed to
Sophie Davis: Oh, thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think they understood the assignment.
Dan Ponomarenko: Everything that I heard today. It's kind of validate the idea that I did everything right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was my goal, I said at the top, I was like, if you're already doing this, this is gonna support and reinforce that you're on the right path. Right? Yeah. Mark, what's up? What do you like, clickup? Then?
Mark Kirzhner: Nearly. Is there any way to to move a bunch of tasks to to a specific sub-task, if I have already a bunch of them together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let me let me show you now I can show everybody
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so let me go to your list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's it's in the. It's in the actual company project, isn't it?
Mark Kirzhner: Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm there right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, 1 s. Let me see if I can demonstrate that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. So I'll show everybody another cool, base camp hidden feature for those bold enough to try. Let's do this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's see here. Alright, Mark, can you see my screen?
Mark Kirzhner: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. So you're you're saying this? Right?
Mark Kirzhner: Yeah. For for instance, all the J, 2 JDVD interview. So at least to move all of them.
Mark Kirzhner: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Click, one hold shift and then click down to where you want, just like a lot of other things in life like text editing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's pretty cool. It's pretty intuitive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then you just drag the whole group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there's a lot of really cool, like, little tiny attention to detail.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like, yeah, I don't know if you all notice, like I can do. Like the jump. I can jump to anything here. There's a little command, J. You do command J. You can jump to stuff. It's pretty cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a lot of shortcuts, little Easter eggs and stuff.
Mark Kirzhner: Where did you jump or
Neal Sáles-Griffin: command? J. You can jump to pretty much anything in basis like a quick. It's like spotlight on on a Mac.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, pretty cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So we're gonna wrap up. But before we do, I'm curious to know, overall for that session you just had with each other. Did anyone have any
Neal Sáles-Griffin: thing to share any quick wins, any
Neal Sáles-Griffin: valuable insights, anything you want to demonstrate, particularly with particularly, Well, Antonio, and then, Valeria.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah, just so later, it's on something you said before, which came up also on the on the our group, our yeah. So how to organize the groups
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: right? Under, aware, it's much better to do it more actionable. Which is basically, this is the project that I need to be duck that needs to be done rather than by departments like hardware engineer engineering hardware's development. Right? It. It's like, make make those groups actionable. So we can remove them. Once we are done correct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 100%. Yeah, because if you create categories for lists. then it's an infinite list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can always add stuff to. And I really, really don't like that. Personally, I like marking things done. I like moving on to the next thing that needs to be done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: rather than this kind of static messy. You know somewhat ambiguous labeling that we often offer buckets into.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Kelvin, or actually valerian. Then, Kelvin.
Valeria Brenner: I was just gonna say, like, I'm glad I offered to be a guinea pig cause like experiencing it. Live, help me understand him more. And then, when me and Arthur were in the breakout room together, I was just essentially like rubber, ducking to him, explaining it out loud, and then through that process like it started to make more sense to me, and that ended up being helpful, like. I was glad we did the breakout rooms cause. Then it
Valeria Brenner: kind of just forced us to both try to explain it back and forth to each other. And even though, like maybe, my explanation didn't make that much sense to him like him, explaining it back, made it make more sense to him and me, explaining it back, made it made more sense to me. And so that was, that was, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you all know what Valeria means by rubber ducking?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is that a familiar phrase for some of you? Right. It's another programming term which I'm sure part of would appreciate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But rubber duck debugging. I'm all about rubber ducks. It makes a huge difference when programming and also other things. So that's another good noteworthy one. Another principle in programming that this is inspired by is the dry principle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Dubai. No dry. How to dry up your code.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Nobody, somebody don't repeat yourself. Heck, yeah, that's exactly right, like, I really don't like. So when II run programs right. But you let's say you do a task
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's something that you'll need to do again. Someday. if you break down all the granular steps now for the task. Even if it's done. you can go back to it and reinstantiate it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can create a new version of the task and go. We did this before already. Here's the recipe. Maybe you need a few tweaks, but this is already it, you know, a templated, if you will.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right, Kelvin.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Yeah, thank you very much. For the session. There were lots of eye opening things. At at a point. I was wondering whether it is by design that base camp. Do not have
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: time allotted to some of the, because it's just the day. And let's say you have a lot of tax during a particular day, if you want to actually put time frames on it. There are no.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Oh, okay, okay.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: And I also, E, initially, I was found finding it very hard, because I noticed
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: the entries appeared. How you enter it, for instance, if you add something on the fourteenth, and I, you enter another 10 on the 11. But then I discovered you can actually move it up and down. You can reorganize it as you see fit. Yeah, it's really flexible. It's really very nice. Thank you.
Tunde IO: Yeah, thanks, Neil. Was just a quick question around prioritization. Is the current only way to prioritize kind of how you organize it on that kind of
Tunde IO: let's go list. Or is there a way that you can, for instance, mark something as high priority? If that is the thing that's cause. I think initially, when you guys speak into malaria, we're talking about what is the most important thing for you to achieve this. Listen, next week. Is there a way that you can, for instance, mark, something is high priority. So that is the thing that you go to, or do. You just have to kind of organize that on your
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's a great question. So you can do it. I am actually like low key against this affordance. But yes, the answer is, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you go to my assignments in base camp under my stuff, if you click my stuff and you go to my assignments. You have the ability to like, put things up. Next
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to basically say, this is the high priority for me. So you can do that. I don't actually use it, because I prefer to demonstrate
Neal Sáles-Griffin: prioritization based on due dates and the labeling of the tasks and lists themselves. But you can most certainly do that
Tunde IO: cool. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep. cool. So with a couple minutes left, I don't really have much more to say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I'm actually more interested if you all have any feedback for me, because I've only done this workshop 3 times. This is my third time doing it. It's still rough, like II like. II stopped to work out the kings and figure out the most effective way to make it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: palatable and and meaningful for you all. But at the very least. I hope it was directionally correct in supporting you and helping you think about organizing your work properly, so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we can either end a couple of minutes early. If you want to linger and give me some feedback, or have anything to say about it, that'd be awesome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But other than that, I think. Take some time to digest
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the the new schedule that Liliana laid out, and let us know what questions you have about next week. I guess the last thing I'll say is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm going into the Oakland offices and getting it prepped. It's in Oakland office.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's still green, meaning like we're still figuring out a lot of things. So it's fine. It's functional. The Wi-fi works. But there's still a lot of like it's gonna need a lot of love. So we're working on a plan to get you all support on ways to make the office the best it can be. But I'm like getting shipments, and you know, I haven't hiring past Rabbit to build Ikea furniture and stuff like that kind of fun.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Matthieu Bonnard: cool and help people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll put something to work no problem. Whoever whoever's Andy will activate it.
Matthieu Bonnard: I like those
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, Richelle. And by the way, we're good, we're at time. Y'all so get out of here if you need to get to work. Otherwise, I'm hanging for a little bit until you get tired of me. So. But thank you.
Matthieu Bonnard: I hope it was helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Yeah. So during the breakout rooms we spent a long time. Doing the whole copy paste the link on the CEO, one versus the company base camp. So it's wanted to repeat again, like the grant, or like, what's the goal there?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep, so usually. What you'll have with the team is, you'll have a separate project where they're getting all of the specific work done, and at a high level, either as a CEO or as co-founders.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're looking at things at a bird's eye view, because you have a lot of other things that you're also managing like you're not gonna put the to-do that you need, like your early hires, to do in the same place that you're probably running your fundraising process.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for example. So I would have a fundraising project to go. I need to raise a million dollars by June of 2024,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then I'd have a separate project or I don't know, completing, like, you know, product development
Neal Sáles-Griffin: work or something like that. So you'd have different spaces for different types of work. And then at the top level, you're trying to manage the project across all those spaces.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You need almost like a master place to like, oversee everything you have going on, and then sub projects or groups where all their work actually lives. More granular.
Pardo Walter: Got it. That's actually how I was trying to model it since that it's quite easy to do it through Jira. But that's how I was trying to model it for base camp using those tags like everyone else has been using. So is that is that ideal, or do you recommend some other format?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Iii it is ideal for me, like again, like we're at the we're at the stage now where it's like. Kinda now it's like, choose your own adventure. I see each of you have a different preference for how you want to organize the information. But so long as the system makes sense and has enough, where, when you click through, you get the detail, you need to understand what needs to be done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go crazy, you know. Come up with the structure that works for you. Great, great! And if I'm repeating this stuff that you've already gone through, I missed like the first 45 min ahead of. I don't care meeting this morning, so it's fine. It's not a problem at all. Yeah, II love, but I don't know if you can tell. But I love this stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, like, this is the closest to programming. I get to get right now, if I don't get to write as much code and build apps as much. So I get to deal with these systems. Yeah, right? Well, that's great to hear. Cool man. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Barra, I'll stop recording now we've we've wrapped.